Course title : Certified Business Analytics Program

Title description : Business analytics is a thriving and in-demand field in the industry today. This comprehensive program consisting of multiple courses will teach you all you need to know about business analytics, from tools like Python to machine learning algorithms!

Course description :With increase in data generated across the globe, the demand for Business Analytics professionals is rising continuously. In short, aiming for a role in Business Analytics has never been a better career choice! Certified Business Analytics Program aims to provide you all the tools and techniques, along with hands on experience you need to succeed as a Business Analytics professional. This program covers tools like Excel, Tableau, SQL, Python and covers all the techniques like Statistics and Exploratory Data Analysis. The program also covers Predictive modeling and basics of Machine Learning. More importantly, the program helps you prepare your Resume, prepares you for Business Analytics Interviews and provides one on one mentorship during the program.

Course curriculum :

Who should Enroll : 

Instructor name :

Instructor designation :

About the instructor :

Key takeaways : Microsoft Excel - Beginners to Advanced: MS Excel is still the most widely used tool for day to day work in business analytics across the world. By the end of this course, you will have mastered Excel, Pivot Tables, Conditional Formatting and will be ready to crunch numbers like a pro!. Master Tableau from Scratch: Convert your data into actionable insights, create dashboards to impress your clients, and learn Tableau tips, tricks and best practices for your business analytics role. Structured Query Language (SQL): SQL is a must-have skill for every business analytics professional. This course will start from the basics of databases and structured query language (SQL) and teach you everything you would need in any business analytics profession. Python for Business Analytics and Data Science Professionals: Learn the most widely used programming language for business analytics. This course will teach you Python from scratch, including how to use it for data cleaning, exploration and a whole host of tasks you’ll perform as a business analyst. Exploratory Data Analysis and Statistics: Statistics forms the backbone of business analytics. Here, you will learn both descriptive as well as inferential statistics, how to use it for performing exploratory data analysis, and how all of that fits into the business analytics world. Machine Learning for Beginners: Learn the basics of core machine learning algorithms like Linear Regression, Logistic Regression, and Decision Trees. A comprehensive introduction every business analyst must acquire. Time Series Forecasting using Python: Learn time series analysis and build your first time series forecasting model using ARIMA, Holt’s Winter and other time series forecasting methods in Python for a real-life industry use case. Structured Thinking and Communication for Business Analytics Professionals: Whether you are creating dashboards for your business customers or solving cutting-edge business analytics problems, structured thinking and communication is a must-have skill for every data professional. Ace Business Analytics Interviews: A dedicated course to help you build your resume and prepare you for Business Analytics Interviews covering different types of Interviews and how to ace them. Personalized mentorship from Industry mentors: Avail 4 personalized mentorship sessions from Industry experts. Use this time to plan your roadmap and give your career a boost.