Course title : Data Science Hacks, Tips and Tricks

Title description : Learn key data science hacks, tips and tricks to become a better and more efficient data scientist. These data science hacks cover a wide range of data science topics like speeding up Python code, optimizing your data science algorithm and much more!

Course description : The Data Science Hacks, Tips and Tricks course is your one stop destination to become a better and more efficient data scientist! We have poured in our decades of experience with data science and programming (especially Python programming!), to provide you with time-saving hacks related to:Python tips and tricks, Data exploration tips and trick, Data preprocessing hack, Efficient use of Jupyter notebooks, Python functions, Building predictive models (hacks to build machine learning models in no time!), And much more! We have created the Data Science hacks, tips and tricks course in a way that you can go through each hack as a separate module. Since the goal of the hacks, tips and tricks is to provide you with efficient code to solve problems, the videos are a demo of these hacks, tips and tricks. The videos are self-explanatory. This free course by Analytics Vidhya covers a broad range of data science hacks, tips and tricks, including Python programming hacks, tips and tricks to ace data science tasks like data preprocessing and data exploration, and much more. Get started today!

Course curriculum : Introduction to Data Science Hacks, Tips and Tricks Course, Data Science Hack #1 - Resource Downloader, Data Science Hack #2 - Pandas Apply, Data Science Hack #3 - how to extract email addresses from text?, Data Science Hack #4 - Pandas Boolean Indexing, Data Science Hack #5 - Pandas Pivot Table, Data Science Hack #6 - Splitting a String in Python, Data Science Hack #7 - Transforming distributions to Normal Distributions, Data Science Hack #8 - Remove Emojis from text, Data Science Hack #9 - Elbow method for kNN classifier, Data Science Hack #10 - Pandas crosstab for quick exploratory analysis, Data Science Hack #11 - Scaling features using MinMax Scaler, Data Science Hack #12 - Feature Engineering for Date Time Features, Data Science Hack #13 - Creating dummy test data using sklearn, Data Science Hack #14 - Image Augmentation to increase size of Training data, Data Science Hack #15 - Fast Tokenization using Hugging Face, Data Science Hack #16 - Stratified sampling using sklearn, Data Science Hack #17 - Reading html files using Pandas read_html, Data Science Hack #18 - Extract different data types into different dataframes, Data Science Hack #19 - Pandas profiling for quick exploratory analysis, Data Science Hack #20 - Change wide form dataframe to Long form dataframe, Data Science Hack #21 - Magic functions in Jupyter notebooks, Data Science Hack #22 - Set Jupyter theme, Data Science Hack #23 Change Cell width in Jupyter notebook, Data Science Hack #24 - Change Datatype to datetime, Data Science Hack #25 - Sharing jupyter notebook, Data Science Hack #26 - Visualize Decision Tree, Data Science Hack #27 - Invert Dictionary in Python, Data Science Hack #28 Visualize Interactive plot, Data Science Hack #29 - Write python file directly from jupyter notebook cell, Data Science Hack #31 Feature Selection, Data Science Hack #32 Convert string into characters, Data Science Hack #33 Apply pandas in parallel, 
Data Science Hack #34 Convert Date format, Data Science Hack #35 Make images of same size, Data Science Hack #36 Regex testing and debugging.

Who should Enroll : The beauty of this course is that it’s designed for a broad range of audience. Everyone could do with these data science hacks, tips, and tricks! We’re all involved at some stage of the data science pipeline so this course, and the hacks we showcase, will help you out for sure.These Data Science hacks, tips and tricks are meant for:Data scientists (aspiring data scientists, established data scientists - it’s meant for all levels!) Data analysts, Business analyst, Data science team leads, Machine learning enthusiasts, Data engineers, And anyone who is curious about writing efficient code and building quicker machine learning models!

Instructor name :

Instructor designation :

About the instructor :

Key takeaways : Data Exploration Hacks. Python hacks, tips and tricks. Data Visualization Tips and Tricks. Data Preprocessing Hacks. Jupyter Notebook hacks, tips and tricks. Other Data Science and Machine Learning Hacks.