Course title : Machine Learning Certification Course for Beginners

Title description : In this free machine learning certification course, you will learn Python, the basics of machine learning, how to build machine learning models, and feature engineering techniques to improve the performance of your machine learning models.

Course description : Machine Learning is the science of teaching machines how to learn by themselves. Machine Learning is reshaping and revolutionizing the world and disrupting industries and job functions globally. Machine learning is so extensive that you probably use it numerous times a day without knowing it. From unlocking your mobile phones using your face to giving your attendance using a biometric machine, machine learning is being used in almost every stage. In this age of machine learning, every aspiring data scientist is expected to upskill themselves in machine learning techniques & tools and apply them to real-world business problems.

Course curriculum :Overview of the Course, Introduction to Data Science and Machine Learning, Setting up your system, Introduction to Python, Variables and Data Types
Operators, Conditional Statements, Looping Constructs, Data Structures, String Manipulation, Functions, Modules, Packages and Standard Libraries, Handling Text Files in Python, Introduction to Python Libraries for Data Science, Python Libraries for Data Science, Reading Data Files in Python, Preprocessing, Subsetting and Modifying Pandas Dataframes, Sorting and Aggregating Data in Pandas, Visualizing Patterns and Trends in Data, Machine Learning Lifecycle, Problem statement and Hypothesis Generation, Importance of Stats and EDA, Build Your First Predictive Model, Evaluation Metrics, Preprocessing Data, Build Your First ML Model: k-NN, Selecting the Right Model, Linear Models, Project: Customer Churn Prediction, Decision Tree, Feature Engineering, Project: NYC Taxi Trip Duration prediction.`

Who should Enroll :

Instructor name : Kunal Jain

Instructor designation : Founder & CEO, Analytics Vidhya

About the instructor : Kunal has 15+ years of experience in the field of Data Science and is the founder and CEO of Analytics Vidhya- the world's 2nd largest Data Science community.

Key takeaways :Python libraries like Numpy, Pandas, etc. to analyze your data efficiently. Importance of Statistics and Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) in the data science field. Importance of Statistics and Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) in the data science field. Understand how to solve Classification and Regression problems using machine learning. How to evaluate your machine learning models using the right evaluation metrics?. Improve and enhance your machine learning model’s accuracy through feature engineering.