Course title : Applied Machine Learning - Beginner to Professional

Title description : This course provides you all the tools and techniques you need to apply machine learning to solve business problems. We will cover the basics of machine learning, how to build machine learning models, improve and deploy your machine learning models.

Course description : Machine Learning is re-shaping and revolutionising the world and disrupting industries and job functions globally. It is no longer a buzzword - many different industries have already seen automation of business processes and disruptions from Machine Learning. In this age of machine learning, every aspiring data scientist is expected to upskill themselves in machine learning techniques & tools and apply them in real-world business problems.

Course curriculum : Introduction to Data Science and Machine Learning, Introduction to Data Science and Machine Learning, Setting up your system, Introduction to Python, Variables and Data Types, Operators, Conditional Statements, Looping Constructs, Data Structures, String Manipulation, Function, Modules, Packages and Standard Libraries, Handling Text Files in Python, Introduction to Python Libraries for Data Science, Python Libraries for Data Science, Reading Data Files in Python, Preprocessing, Subsetting and Modifying Pandas Dataframes, Sorting and Aggregating Data in Pandas, Visualizing Patterns and Trends in Data, Machine Learning Lifecycle, Problem statement and Hypothesis Generation. Importance of Stats and EDA, Understanding Data, Probability, Exploring Continuous Variable, Exploring Categorical Variables, Missing Values and Outliers, Central Limit theorem, Bivariate analysis - Introduction, Continuous - Continuous Variables, Continuous Categorical, Categorical Categorical, Multivariate Analysis, Assignments, Build Your First Predictive Model, Evaluation Metrics, Preprocessing Data, Build Your First ML Model: k-NN, Selecting the Right Model, Linear Models, Project: Customer Churn Prediction, Dimensionality Reduction (Part I), Decision Tree, Feature Engineering, Share your Learnings, Project: NYC Taxi Trip Duration prediction, Working with Text Data, Naïve Bayes, Multiclass and Multilabel, Project: Web Page Classification, Basics of Ensemble Techniques, Advance Ensemble Techniques, Project: Ensemble Model on NYC Taxi Trip Duration Prediction, Share your Learnings, Hyperparameter Tuning, Support Vector Machine, Working with Image Data, Project: Malaria Detection using Blood Cell Images, Advance Dimensionality Reduction, Unsupervised Machine Learning Methods, Working with Large Datasets: Dask, Automated Machine Learning, Introduction to Neural Network, Forward and Backward Propagation, Activation Functions, Optimizers, Loss Function, Project: NN on structured Data, Assignment 1 - Big Mart, Interpretability of Machine Learning Models, Model Deployment.

Who should Enroll :

Instructor name :

Instructor designation :

About the instructor :

Key takeaways : Understand how Machine Learning and Data Science are disrupting multiple industries today. Linear, Logistic Regression, Decision Tree and Random Forest algorithms for building machine learning models. Understand how to solve Classification and Regression problems in machine learning. Ensemble Modeling techniques like Bagging, Boosting, Support Vector Machines (SVM) and Kernel Tricks. Learn dimensionality reduction techniques like Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and t-SNE. Evaluate your machine learning models and improve them through Feature Engineering. Learn Unsupervised Machine Learning Techniques like k-means clustering and Hierarchical Clustering. Learn how to work with different kinds of data for machine learning problems (tabular, text, unstructured). Improve and enhance your machine learning model’s accuracy through feature engineering.